TODOS.md, before:

# Todos

## Simple Components

- Steps
- Header
- Footer
- Form
  - Implement Formik with object configuation
  - Validation using Yup
  - Array configuration ("form wizard")
    - Array of object configs, no extra prop needed (object = form, array of objects = form wizard)
    - Optional steps
  - Remove direct export access inputs and steps (just supply form)
  - Export only the Form component bundled with Formik

## Complex Components

- Dashboard card
- Context menu (used in Dashboard card)
- Information list (used in confirmation on add plan)
- Link card (used in sidebar of add plan after)
- Statistic (used in dashboard card and plan overview)
- Short card (used on edit profile and on invitations, has a one or two button option)
- Table (including header with sort functionality, and configurable table row)
- Transaction (desktop and mobile)
- Backer card
- Payment method card
- Contribution card

## Refactors

- Turn all Storybook buttons into withKnob buttons
- Consider setting up local visual regression testing before doing the following...
- Convert as many styled components over to using existing Box, Flex, and Card components
- [Convert to styled-system/css](https://styled-system.com/css/) AND USE THE HOC METHOD, only using defaultProps when a value should be changable by a user
- Figure out better way to do responsive styles or content if need be (see "Steps title text", maybe consider adding "display" as a prop on Box and Flex?)
- Removing font CSS from Box and inheritance, replacing all text strings into respective Typography components

## Known Problems

- [Avatars don't have a fallback](src/avatar/index.js)
- [Notifications are always sticky and don't automatically disappear](src/notifications/index.js)

Commit message:

The most basic formik config form one can imagine

TODOS.md, after:

# Todos

## Simple Components

- Form
  - Standardize input error messages with Yup
  - Get field arrays working as well
  - Make a form with all types of inputs (kitchen sink)
  - Ensure that onBlur and onChange correctly fire for every input
  - Array configuration ("form wizard")
    - Array of object configs, no extra prop needed (object = form, array of objects = form wizard)
    - Optional steps
  - Remove direct export access inputs and steps (just supply form)
  - Export only the Form component bundled with Formik
- Header
- Footer

## Complex Components

- Dashboard card
- Context menu (used in Dashboard card)
- Information list (used in confirmation on add plan)
- Link card (used in sidebar of add plan after)
- Statistic (used in dashboard card and plan overview)
- Short card (used on edit profile and on invitations, has a one or two button option)
- Table (including header with sort functionality, and configurable table row)
- Transaction (desktop and mobile)
- Backer card
- Payment method card
- Contribution card

## Refactors

- Turn all Storybook buttons into withKnob buttons
- Consider setting up local visual regression testing before doing the following...
- Convert as many styled components over to using existing Box, Flex, and Card components
- [Convert to styled-system/css](https://styled-system.com/css/) AND USE THE HOC METHOD, only using defaultProps when a value should be changable by a user
- Figure out better way to do responsive styles or content if need be (see "Steps title text", maybe consider adding "display" as a prop on Box and Flex?)
- Removing font CSS from Box and inheritance, replacing all text strings into respective Typography components

## Known Problems

- Deleting the value on a form input doesn't work
- [Avatars don't have a fallback](src/avatar/index.js)
- [Notifications are always sticky and don't automatically disappear](src/notifications/index.js)
